okay this time you're actually going to
get your middle splits right start with
something Dynamic like leg swings if
they don't look like that they're
probably going to look like this which
is totally fine we all start somewhere
after doing that on both legs it's time
for elephant walks like this about a
week ago you should feel tingles behind
your legs and maybe even up to the ends
of your toes sing after 30 reps your
hamstrings should feel pretty good and
next is the horse stance and you're
going to push your knees open as wide as
possible while you lean forward hold by
the way any of these stretches 30
seconds and you're going to do it more
than once then next you're going to do a
standing pancake squeeze the ground this
is what a beginner is going to look like
and then finally you're going to attempt
the middle splits while relaxing as much
as possible I know this was complicated
but this is actually day one from my
program that's on a full-on app not to
flex or anything but uh my friends are
the best coaches in the industry and we
are all on this app together link is in
the description stay flexy